No persistence (#179)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/persistence.md

This strategy is known as _snapshotting_.

## No persistence

> If you prefer **not** to have persistence (eg. when using a Valkey instance solely as a cache) that is also possibility.

Reviewer: *a possibility

> If you prefer **not** to have persistence (eg. when using a Valkey instance solely as a cache) that is also a possibility.

Reviewer 2: The spellchecker complains about "eg." I think it wants it spelled "e.g.", but I recall now that we've avoided abbreviatinos like this in the docs in the past. Maybe "for example" is clearer?

```suggestion
If you prefer **not** to have persistence (for example when using a Valkey instance solely as a cache) that is also a possibility.
```

Author: Agreed my bad. I also also reluctant.

> First comment out or remove all existing `save` lines that are present in the current configuration file.   
> Then add the following configuration instead:

Reviewer 2: This sort of assumes there's a lot of junk in the user's config file. I'd prefer to focus first on the correct config and only afterwards mention what to do with extra junk in the files, if any. How about this?

```suggestion
RDB snapshotting is enabled by default. To disable it, set the `save` configuration parameter to the empty string `""` and remove any excess `save` lines that are present in the current configuration file.
```
